I don't care how many shareholder meetings you hold
I won't even vote for you
understand
So
I plan to drive
One vote
You only have 30% of the shares
My combined shares with Wanrou are the same as yours.
Where did you get the one-vote power?
You are wrong, I don't have 30%.
But 40% what
Today is the 28th.
It's my third wedding anniversary with Gangnam
It is also 10% of the bones left to him by his grandfather
The official effective date
How is that possible?
Grandpa before he died
Left a secret will
He left me 30% of his shares
The remaining 10% of love is reserved for Jiangnan
and
On my third wedding anniversary with Gangnam
The will takes effect
Mom
Excuse me.
I now have the right to make a one-vote decision
They say dogs that bite don't bark
I used to underestimate people
Hold it down and let him sign it for me
Let him go!